# Readme

## 2015 Resumes

I started off with a simple one-page resume. As I started working on more 
projects, and doing more after school activities, I found out it was hard to 
maintain a one page one, so I made a longer version and a shorter version. I'd 
take both to career fairs and offer the summary or the full detailed one. I'd 
probably now just take the longer one since it can fit front and back nicely, 
and most places just took a picture of it anyway.

Hopefully there's enough sections or ideas other juniors can gather from this 
to make their own resumes.    

## 2016 Resume

I knew I needed to update my resume, as so much had changed from when I started 
my career job. I wanted to take out the school items and add in the 
professional things I was involved with. I also was tired of the look of the 
old resume (used it for maybe 5 years) so I wanted something new and modern and 
fresh. This seemed to satisfy all that, and got a lot of compliments on its 
simplicity, but also wealth of information that's packed into it. It also 
combines work-related (left side) with fun extra-curriculars (right side) in a 
good, balanced way.   

## Questions

**Have you written code for a company before?**
I had two internships where I now have code that is in production. 

**How many years have you been programming?**
I started programming on the Commodore 64 when I was little. I basically have 
been programming in some capacity all my life, but I really only consider my 
"professional" experience from college on.

**What, if anything, has been the difficult part about developer job seeking?**
Probably just the interviews. It's hard to try to sell yourself as being 
wonderful and smart and perfectly capable for the job when you're fresh out of 
college (or about to be) and to be turned down by companies. I probably 
interviewed with about 6 different places before one finally hired me. It's 
discouraging to get several rejections, but just keep going and realize each 
interview makes you better. 

